Both of the military and your civilian life you're gonna find a lot of
times we have to move and that's going to change up things. One of
the good things about being in the military if you like moving is that
you're not stuck in one place for the rest your life and you're not
stuck with one group of people you get to meet new people if you
love people you get to meet new people you love if you don't love people
you get to get away from the people you don't want. So it's it
works out well both ways and when you move the military's particularly
adept at accepting new people into the unit because there's always
someone new coming into the unit and you remember when you're the
new guy and how well you were treated or poorly then you try to treat
the new guys that way too. So that's that's really good deal. In civilian
life it's a little tougher when you move, because people some
stick to one place and never move in their entire life but a lot of
people do move around so one inside have had I would warn you about
is most new guys when they get to the new place say wait a minute
here's how we did in the old place and that work really well don't don't
jump on that right away don't jump on that right away wait and
maybe the way they do it in the new place works well for them and your
only that you get it worked well for you guys would work so just
peace you know get get in tune with the new way the way they do it and
then then make a decision thing we can improve this little by borrowing
this little thing from the old way. But that's that's moving
brings up those issues.